AAP-4360 - Add section & info for AAP Operator to release notes for 2.2 (#538)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: release-notes/topics/operator-220.adoc

[[operator-220-intro]]
= Automation Platform Operator 2.2

> The Ansible Automation Platform Operator provides cloud-native, push-button deployment of new Ansible Automation Platform instances in your OpenShift environment.

Reviewer: Should we use attributes for the product names here or is that not appropriate for this instance? I haven't done release notes. So maybe it doesn't apply here. 

```suggestion
The {OperatorPlatform} {PlatformVers} provides cloud-native, push-button deployment of new {OperatorPlatform} instances in your OpenShift environment.
```
This would change it to Ansible Automation Platform Operator 2.2, but if you intentionally kept it at "Automation Platform Operator 2.2, please disregard.

Author: @jself-sudoku Good call, however, tt doesn't look like the attributes folder is part of the release notes, so changing them here caused problems in the build. Perhaps that should be fixed in the future but in the interest of getting this completed, I'm leaving these as is for this PR. Thanks!

> .Deprecated functionality

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we might want to call this "Deprecated Parameters".  Not sure the best name, but no functionality is lost here, it's actually expanded, just under a different parameter name.  

Not a big deal either way, just a nitpick.

Reviewer 2: Sounds like this is the generic title that will be included for future release notes too, so I can definitely see the use in keeping it general to fit other types of changes/deprecations.

Author: Yes, this is standard language across Red Hat and so I will leave it as is for now. Thanks!

> * The `image_pull_secret` (string) variable has been deprecated and will no longer be supported in a future release. You should now use the `image_pull_secrets` (array) variable on the spec when creating an Automation Hub or Automation Controller custom resource. This new variable allows you to specify multiple pull secrets as an array, for example:

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above. Use attributes.
```suggestion
* The `image_pull_secret` (string) variable has been deprecated and will no longer be supported in a future release. You should now use the `image_pull_secrets` (array) variable on the spec when creating an {HubName} or {ControllerName} custom resource. This new variable allows you to specify multiple pull secrets as an array, for example:
```

Author: Leaving for now.
